**Edited by Max Wilson-Hebben and Chris Dai, 2020/11/20, Week 6**

## Teaching assistant meeting

At the beginning of this week, we met up with our assigned teaching assistant Maliththa Bulathwela. We briefly ran through our the progress we've made so far, and discussed about our next steps.

Namely, a few tasks were suggested as following:

- Finalise and formally agree the MoSCoW list with our clients
- Building a subset of the co-functionality of our project as a prototype
    - Extract a graph which explains how the IVR system works
- Rationalise alternative design options and decide the most sensible option

The meeting was very refreshing, and we will conduct similar weekly meeting with our TA from here.

## Weekly meeting

This week focuses on adjusting the requirements such that our project will satisfy the needs of GP surgeries and provide and right assistance. 

During our meeting with Dr Joseph Connor this week, we confirmed one of our key aspects – the patient who uses the IVR system should be direct to a receptionist or specialist within the GP practice, rather than A&E. This clear up on the matter has allowed us to clarify the vision of the project.

During our planned meeting with Stephanie Coughlin this week, we discussed the clinical sides of the project. Stephanie told us that there were many red flags that could mean people shouldn't be put through to the triage and instead should be put straight through to a receptionist or someone who can help. These included specifically older people and children, and specifically if they had back pain. Our current triage that we were given by Joseph didn't consider these aspects. Stephanie also worked in small GP surgeries in general where each department woudln't necessarily take calls. This meant that redirecting the calls wouldn't be a good option and giving them a number to call at a specific time would be a better option. This system discussed would also give a clinician time to read the results that they had gathered first before making a decision.

When discussing statistical analysis, Stephanie told us it would be useful to know the number of people being sent to each section of the IVR so that a GP surgery could tell if they needed more physios etc.

There were some differences between Joseph's and Stephanie's opion on what the project should be. We would discuss these further with Joseph the following week.

## Research and Development
This week we mostly focussed on learning more about Asterisk.

## **Next step**

Now that requirements are more clarified after our meeting, we will start researching into what our final solution will be. 

Below are the solutions we will further research on:

- Framework solutions available to use for the IVR system
- Speech-to-text technology which is appropriate to adapt for live input feeds

We are also looking forward to be in contact with another team, trying to make a Voiceflow diagram and eventually turn it into code that can be used to create an IVR system.
