**Edited by Max Wilson-Hebben and Chris Dai, 2020/12/04, Week 8**

## Prototype

Following up from the past week, we developed a prototype for our IVR solution as requested. 

The prototype was created for our system such that when a user enters their Voiceflow credentials, they can then choose from a drop down to choose the workspace and project that they would like to be converted into an IVR. Once chosen, they will receive a JSON file which is a simplified version of the JSON received by Voiceflow that only contains necessary information.

Additionally, a separate program was implemented using Python, which takes a JSON file input (of the specified format) and turns this into a configuration file. This will automatically updates Asterisk on a Ubuntu machine and creating the IVR.

Once the users have both program running, they can simply reload the Asterisk and call the IVR system using a softphone - just like a normal IVR.

In this prototype however, we are using Google text to speech and Google speech to text. This was really for simplicity of use and setting up a prototype since it would require considerably more developement to implement the open source offline software packages we had researched. We discussed this when we showed our client, and this would be one of our next steps in the development.

## Weekly meeting

Out meeting with Dr Connor this week has helped clarified a few points. 

Currently, our project uses `Google API` for text-to-speech and speech-to-text solution to translate Voiceflow into the IVR and record the user's response during their usage. However, due to data governance reasons (GDPR) specified from the requirements, it is necessary to find another solution that does not require the usage of cloud.  

From the research we've done previously, there's a Python library `ppttsx3` which allows the system to convert text to speech offline, as the library is installed on PC. We shared the information with Dr Connor who suggested we should conduct further testing.

## **Next step**

Further research on both text-to-speech and speech-to-text solution that doesn't require using cloud/internet.

There were also some fixes to be made with the voiceflow to json program that we had developed. For certain diagrams such as Google voiceflow diagrams, it did not work correctly and this was a bug to fix before moving on.
