**Edited by Max Wilson-Hebben and Chris Dai, 2020/11/27, Week 7**

## Recap

Continuing from last week, we have been actively doing research on topics as followed:

- Framework solutions we could use for the IVR system
- Text-to-speech technology which is appropriate to adapt for live input feeds


## Meetings

This week we discussed our feedback and insights from Stephanie with Joseph. Joseph told us that he had received his triage from a GP surgery that he worked closely with and that they were willing to test out our project later in the development stages. He suggested that we build to his specs mostly, since we would then be able to test it out later with a GP surgery, if refinements were needed after that we could implement them. From this we decided to take Joseph's approach of redirecting calls at the end of the triage and this later became one of our key requirements.

## Open-source IVR research

After we confirmed our development approach with Dr Connor, we continued to research the existing IVR frameworks that are available to use. For commercial systems, there were many options, including one for a Mitel system, which was the system in use by the GP surgery we would later plan to test with. When we talked to Joseph about this, he told us that this was an expensive solution and would cost £20,000 per GP surgery just for setup costs.

There seemed to be a dominant player in the open source market however, and this was Asterisk. After playing around with Asterisk, we realised that although being able to act as an entire PBX system, it could also be used to create IVRs. Asterisk was a lot more complicated that most of the commercial systems and Twilio, but as the only real stable open souce system we could find, we decided that we would use it.

### Asterisk

- Asterisk is an open source software package that acts as a PBX and can run on a Linux PC or server.
- We realised that asterisk could be used to create an IVR, however we realised:
- It required an input audio file for an IVR, meaning it did not have it's own text to speech library.
- It did not have a method to covert speech to text when a user answered. Asterisk is built to answer an IVR using dial tones.
- These two issues alone would provide significant dificulties - we would need to write out own libraries to work with Asterisk to do speech to text and text to speech.

We had already thought about using python for the majority of our project since it was advised to us by our client, Joseph. However, after this we were even more confident that we should develop using python since python has a library to connect to the Asterisk AGI as well as having libraries for almost all speech to text and text to speech software projects.

## Text-to-speech & speech-to-text

Following our research last week, below are the options of both text-to-speech and speech-to-text solutions we found:

### Mozilla DeepSpeech

This is a speech to text software prject.

Below are the upside of Mozilla DeepSpeech:

- Open source Tensorflow-based speech-to-text processor
- Has pre-trained English model available for use
- Both audio recordings and live speech can be turned into text
- Multiple programming languages, including Python
- Better awareness of privacy concerns
- Has a remarkable per-word error rate of near about 6.5%

### Pyttsx3

- pyttsx3 is a text-to-speech conversion library in python
- Unlike similar alternative libraries, it works offline, which satisfies our requirement for NOT processing users' information on cloud system

Both options for IVR framework and text-to-speech solutions will be further discussed with our clients in the following week.

## Next step

For the rest of this week, we will look into developing a prototype for our IVR solution as well as finalising our MoSCoW list with the clients.

We'll also continue to look into text-to-speech adn speech-to-text solutions.
