**Edited by Chris Dai, 2020/10/16, Week 1**

Hi there! We are team 35 of the COMP0016 System Engineering module and welcome to our development blog.

## Project introduction

Project title - RCGP x IBM - "ARI NLP Tools" - an open source NLP engine for facilitating and improving interactive services with GP call queues

Project Outline - Working with team 34's "ARI" graphics project, this team (team 35) will work on the NLP mining of live audio call questions that take place when patients call into GP clinics. Live transcription and multilingual transcription feeds will be generated using open source tools. ARI NLP will also have a REST interface for enabling data sourced feedback into the live AR call, with automated chat data responses linking to a patient database via FHIR.

## **Meet our team**

The members of the team are listed below:

- Catalina Agachi ([catalina.agachi.19@ucl.ac.uk](mailto:catalina.agachi.19@ucl.ac.uk)), 2nd year MEng Computer Science
- Max Wilson-Hebben ([max.wilson-hebben.19@ucl.ac.uk](mailto:max.wilson-hebben.19@ucl.ac.uk)), 2nd year MEng Computer Science
- Chris Dai ([chris.dai.19@ucl.ac.uk](mailto:chris.dai.19@ucl.ac.uk)), 2nd year BSc Computer Science

After we received our project details on 10/13, we reached out to one another on Microsoft Teams and formed a WhatsApp group chat for future communication. We also had a brief call to get to know each other and discussed about the project we will be working on.

## **Next step**

Over the next few weeks, we will be in contact with all our clients and gather precise requirements for our project as soon as possible. After that, we are looking to further discuss the request in detail and draft a MosCoW list.