**Edited by Chris Dai, 2021/02/26, Week 19-20**

## Weekly meeting
Our meeting with Dr Connor this week focused on updating our progress over the reading week. The following topics are discussed during the zoom call.

### Docker
Following up from the previous week, we managed to fix the bug associated with an IP address issue and the Docker conatiner now uses the host's IP address.

The solution now works smoothly on the Ubantu machine, and we will conduct testing on Windows machine over the next week.

### User experience
At the moment, there are two options available for using the program.

* First input the user's credentials, then execute the Voiceflow file
* Drag-and-drop the Voiceflow file
	* alternatively, click a button which opens the file system	and choose the file manually

However, our solution currently runs in form of Docker images - meaning that a Docker file system will be opened rather than the actual file system of the machine it's running on. 

A potential solution for this problem will be to mount the user's file system into Docker container, such that the Voiceflow file can be input into the system. This will be further examined over the next few weeks.

### Statistical analysis
Over the past few weeks, we managed to make sufficient progress on building the statistical analysis feature for our project. The function is written in `dialplan`, a scripting language specific to `Asterisk` and one of the primary ways of instructing Asterisk on how to behave. 

We aim to finish this function over the course of next two weeks, including additional UI feature that allows user to press a button and display the weekly data of incoming calls.

### Development blog
As mentioned in the previous blog post, due to a shift in the project requirement, I decided to migrate our development blog from `WordPress` page to our team's GitHub repository with the use of `Markdown` language. Hopefully this would help present our development progress in a more organised and logical way :) 

Likewise, I will make a start on reconstructing our project website following this week. 


## **Next step**
- Finish the statistical analysis feature and build user interface to display the result
- Test our solution on a GP machine (with Windows/Linux system installed)
	- The Docker image we built will be sent to a GP and hopefully we will obtain some feedback next week
- Develop the solution that allows users to choose Voiceflow file while the entire program still runs in Docker image
- Finish the main structure of project website and make sure it's available to view next week
	
	