**Edited by Chris Dai, 2021/03/05, Week 21**

## Weekly meeting
Our meeting with Dr Connor this week focused on updating our progress over the previous week. The following topics are discussed during the zoom call.

### Docker
Previously, our project run on two docker images - one contains `Asterisk`, and the other contains Voiceflow-JSON support program. We've now manage to make the solution runnable with only one image that contains Asterisk, and a seperate program that includes all supporting functions which is executable.

### User Case
Due to the nature of `Twilio`, there has been an update in our user case.

Originally, our solution is required to sit on a piece of standalone machine, which only needs to be plugged into a telephone line and able to redirect the calls to other internal extension numbers within the GP practice. However, Twilio only allows incoming calls to be directed to a new number - which doesn't fit well with the NHS's telephone system, as it involves with a lot of internal extensions. 

After discussing the issue with Dr Connor this week, we agreed that even though our solution might not be a perfect fit for the original user case, it does have a much broader scope. For example, it can be used to create an emergency report IVR system, which essentially helps to redirect the caller to the right place in an efficient manner.

### Statistical analysis
We've also made progress on the statistical analysis feature of our program. Currently, it allows the user to see the status of receptionist. For example, if a receptionist is in a call, it appears "busy" in the user interface. It also allows user to see the total incoming call so far.

The user interface for the feature is to be implemented over the next week.

### Project website
Following up from the previous week, I have reconstructed our website in form of static html site with the use of both HTML and CSS.

The development blog will however still be updated on GitHub for the time being, before eventually migrated to the project website.



## **Next step**
- Finish the statistical analysis feature and build user interface to display the result
- Continue to build project website and demo video
- The main challenge we are facing is that to port a number from a current provider to Twilio is a complicated procedure and can take up to 4 weeks due to the restrictions
	- As such, our solution might not be suitable for GP practice that is temporarily flooded as the current number is to be replaced with a new one
	- An alternative solution is to get our program to work with an internal `Mitel` system within the NHS. However, the cost of Mitel system is very high and there's very limited resource online about how Mitel system would work with Twilio, making it difficult to test our program. In this regard, we've informed our client and hopefully we will be able to test our solution very soon